README.md, before:

#  💰 BankLoanPrediction 
[Hackathon 3.x - Predict customer worth for Happy Customer Bank](https://discuss.analyticsvidhya.com/t/hackathon-3-x-predict-customer-worth-for-happy-customer-bank/3802)
<br>
Work in progress...⏳ 
# <br>
# About Data Set
###  🪙 Company
#### Happy Customer Bank is a mid-sized private bank which deals in all kinds of loans. They have presence across all major cities in India and focus on lending products. They have a digital arm which sources customers from the internet.
###  💳 Problem
#### Digital arms of banks today face challenges with lead conversion, they source leads through mediums like search, display, email campaigns and via affiliate partners. Here Happy Customer Bank faces same challenge of low conversion ratio. They have given a problem to identify the customers segments having higher conversion ratio for a specific loan product so that they can specifically target these customers, here they have provided a partial data set for salaried customers only from the last 3 months. They also capture basic details about customers like gender, DOB, existing EMI, employer Name, Loan Amount Required, Monthly Income, City, Interaction data and many others. Let’s look at the process at Happy Customer Bank.

Commit message:

Add info about imbalanced dataset

README.md, after:

### Work in progress...⏳ 
#  Imbalanced DataSet
### The work touches on the problem of unbalanced classes in the data set. The program will be written using a sample unbalanced dataset. The goal is to make it easier for the user to choose balancing methods and prediction algorithms. The work will use the methods of balancing data sets, also will be used algorithms that create machine learning models. Everything will be programmed using Python and Jupyter Notebook IDE.
# <br>
# About Data Set
### 💰 BankLoanPrediction 
[Hackathon 3.x - Predict customer worth for Happy Customer Bank](https://discuss.analyticsvidhya.com/t/hackathon-3-x-predict-customer-worth-for-happy-customer-bank/3802)
<br>
###  🪙 Company
#### Happy Customer Bank is a mid-sized private bank which deals in all kinds of loans. They have presence across all major cities in India and focus on lending products. They have a digital arm which sources customers from the internet.
###  💳 Problem
#### Digital arms of banks today face challenges with lead conversion, they source leads through mediums like search, display, email campaigns and via affiliate partners. Here Happy Customer Bank faces same challenge of low conversion ratio. They have given a problem to identify the customers segments having higher conversion ratio for a specific loan product so that they can specifically target these customers, here they have provided a partial data set for salaried customers only from the last 3 months. They also capture basic details about customers like gender, DOB, existing EMI, employer Name, Loan Amount Required, Monthly Income, City, Interaction data and many others. Let’s look at the process at Happy Customer Bank.
